Update Fast DDS-Gen documentation [8708] (#165)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastddsgen/dataTypes/dataTypes.rst

+=========================+==========================+
| char a[5]               | std::array<char,5> a     |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| octet a[5]              | std::array<uint8_t,5> a  |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| short a[5]              | std::array<int16_t,5> a  |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| unsigned short a[5]     | std::array<uint16_t,5> a |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| long a[5]               | std::array<int32_t,5> a  |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| unsigned long a[5]      | std::array<uint32_t,5> a |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| long long a[5]          | std::array<int64_t,5> a  |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| unsigned long long a[5] | std::array<uint64_t,5> a |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| float a[5]              | std::array<float,5> a    |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+
| double a[5]             | std::array<double,5> a   |
+-------------------------+--------------------------+

Sequences
^^^^^^^^^

> *Fast DDS-Gen* supports sequences, which map into the STD vector container.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion
```suggestion
*Fast DDS-Gen* supports sequences, which map into the `std::vector` container.
```

+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<octet>              |    std::vector<uint8_t>  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<short>              |    std::vector<int16_t>  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<unsigned short>     |    std::vector<uint16_t> |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<long>               |    std::vector<int32_t>  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<unsigned long>      |    std::vector<uint32_t> |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<long long>          |    std::vector<int64_t>  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<unsigned long long> |    std::vector<uint64_t> |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<float>              |    std::vector<float>    |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+
| sequence<double>             |    std::vector<double>   |
+------------------------------+--------------------------+

Maps
^^^^

> *Fast DDS-Gen* supports maps, which are equivalent to the STD map container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fast DDS-Gen* supports maps, which are equivalent to the `std::map` container.
```

Arrays
^^^^^^

Fast DDS-Gen supports unidimensional and multidimensional arrays.
Arrays are always mapped to ``std::array`` containers.

> The following table shows the array types supported and how they map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the array types supported and their mapping.
```

> It will be converted into a C++ class with each member mapped as an attribute plus methods to *get* and *set* each

Reviewer: attribute/method -> data member/member function

> (lowest primitive type to store the bitset's size).

Reviewer: :class:`MyBitset`

- The bitfield 'a' allows us to access to the first 3 bits (0..2).
- The bitfield 'b' allows us to access to the next 10 bits (3..12).
- The bitfield 'c' allows us to access to the next 12 bits (13..24).

The resulting C++ code will be similar to:

.. literalinclude:: /../code/FastDDSGenCodeTester.cpp
   :language: c++
   :start-after: //BITSET_DATA_TYPE
   :end-before: //!

> Internally is stored as a ``std::bitset``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, it is stored as a ``std::bitset``.
```

        bitfield<10> child_member;
    };

In this case, the resulting C++ code will be:

.. literalinclude:: /../code/FastDDSGenCodeTester.cpp
   :language: c++
   :start-after: //BITSET_INHERITANCE
   :end-before: //!

> Note that in this case, ChildBitset will have two ``std::bitset`` members, one belonging to ParentBitset and the
> other belonging to ChildBitset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this case, :class:`ChildBitset` will have two ``std::bitset`` members, one belonging to :class:`ParentBitset` and the
other belonging to :class:`ChildBitset`.
```

> An enumeration in IDL format is a collection of identifiers that have a numeric value associated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An enumeration in IDL format is a collection of identifiers that have an associated numeric value.
```

        flag7
    };

Would be converted to:

.. literalinclude:: /../code/FastDDSGenCodeTester.cpp
   :language: c++
   :start-after: //BITMASK_DATA_TYPE
   :end-before: //!

> The annotation *bit_bound* defines the width of the associated enumeration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The annotation ``bit_bound`` defines the width of the associated enumeration.
```

It must be a positive number between 1 and 64.
If omitted, it will be 32 bits.

> For each *flag*, the user can use the annotation *position* to define the position of the flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each ``flag``, the user can use the annotation ``position`` to define the position of the flag.
```

If omitted, it will be auto incremented from the last defined flag, starting at 0.

Keyed Types
^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to use keyed topics, the user should define some key members inside the structure.

> This is achieved by writing “@Key” before the members of the structure you want to use as keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is achieved by writing the ``@Key`` annotation before the members of the structure you want to use as keys.
```

> This is achieved by writing the ``@Key`` annotation before the members of the structure you want to use as keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is achieved by writing the ``@Key`` annotation before the members of the structure that are used as keys.
```

        long positionY;
    };

Fast DDS-Gen automatically detects these tags and correctly generates the serialization methods for the key generation
function in TopicDataType (:func:`getKey`).
This function will obtain the 128-bit MD5 digest of the big-endian serialization of the Key Members.

Including other IDL files
-------------------------

> You can include another IDL files in yours in order to use data types defined in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include other IDL files in yours in order to use data types defined in them.
```

    };

*Fast DDS-Gen* automatically detects these tags and correctly generates the serialization methods for the key generation
function in TopicDataType (:func:`getKey`).
This function will obtain the 128-bit MD5 digest of the big-endian serialization of the Key Members.

Including other IDL files
-------------------------

Other IDL files can be included in addition to the current IDL file.

> *Fast DDS-Gen* uses a C/C++ preprocessor for this purpose, and you can use ``#include`` directive to include an IDL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fast DDS-Gen* uses a C/C++ preprocessor for this purpose, and ``#include`` directive can be used to include an IDL
```

+------------------------+

Forward declaration
---------------------

Fast DDS-Gen supports forward declarations.

> As the example shows, this allows declaring inter-dependant structures, unions, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows declaring inter-dependant structures, unions, etc.
```
